---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bigipnext_cm_waf_policy Resource - terraform-provider-bigipnext"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource used to manage(CRUD) WAF Policy resources onto BIG-IP Next CM.
---

# bigipnext_cm_waf_policy (Resource)

Resource used to manage(CRUD) WAF Policy resources onto BIG-IP Next CM.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "bigipnext_cm_waf_policy" "sample" {
  name                 = "new_waf_policy"
  description          = "new_waf_policy desc"
  tags                 = ["test3", "test4"]
  enforcement_mode     = "blocking"
  application_language = "utf-8"
  template_name        = "Rating-Based-Template"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `application_language` (String) The character encoding for the web application. Character encoding determines how the policy processes the character sets.
- `enforcement_mode` (String) Specifies How BIG-IP MA processes a request that triggers a security policy violation. 
*Blocking: When the enforcement mode is set to blocking, any triggered violation is blocked (configured for blocking).
*Transparent: When the enforcement mode is set to transparent, traffic is not blocked even if a violation is triggered.
- `name` (String) The unique user-given name of the policy. Policy names cannot contain spaces or special characters. Allowed characters are a-z, A-Z, 0-9, dot, dash (-), colon (:) and underscore (_).
- `template_name` (String) The name of the template used to create the WAF policy. Template cannot be updated

### Optional

- `blocking_settings` (Attributes) Specifies whether the blocking setting is to be enabled or not. The default value of blocking_settings is True. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--blocking_settings))
- `bot_defense` (Attributes) Specifies whether the bot defense for Policy is to be enabled or not. The default value of bot_defense is True. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bot_defense))
- `description` (String) Specifies the description of the policy.
- `dos_protection` (Attributes) Specifies whether the dos protection for Policy is to be enabled or not. The default value of dos_protection is False. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dos_protection))
- `ip_intelligence` (Attributes) Specifies whether the bot ip_intelligence for Policy is to be enabled or not. The default value of ip_intelligence is True. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ip_intelligence))
- `tags` (List of String) Specifies the Tags for marking policies.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique Identifier for the resource

<a id="nestedatt--blocking_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `blocking_settings`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--bot_defense"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bot_defense`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--dos_protection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dos_protection`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--ip_intelligence"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_intelligence`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
